be the most beautiful beaches and straight
we are on the way to such a beach
look for similar area where the water
always expires and re-runs and
right now the moment is over again
runs and we try fast enough
to get away from here because the water is
I start to move quite fast
the age here and it is so to speak
Clear again
exactly and I have already
moved
compared to talking in the evening
gets very cold and that's why I am
always happy and then always tries
same and all possible trousers again
pull it off
I hope I can not wear a long pair of pants
want
Good morning I wanted mine again
So start to the topic
out of the game today
I stopped counting what kind of one
is on demand
instead of downtown and that
weather is fortunate enough now
So little improved fire was the
extremely rainy even a little bit
and very windy and cold and there the
Temperatures here are not so frame
are always extremely noticeable when it is
just a little less and now
it's definitely on the way to the
city
and let's see what camp to offer
has and then stick
Look, I'm in hiding here
all around me are these
Riesenfelgen and there are everywhere
small holes and
Entrances in it so that you actually there
could go in and I'm doing in the morning
a kayak tour
swim the rock and yes i
I'm really excited, I have to talk
entrance
For example
and then you can climb in there and
look what's in there